owning and renting a house. Um, I can tell you, it's It's if you have
the wherewithal to Oh, the house. That's great. What are you gonna be
moving? You can't count on home. Steady. You? Even though the Navy
is pushing homesteading right now, you may or may not be living where
Off your house. So that means you have to read it. If you're comfortable
with, then, Yeah, that. You know, I was told as a ship driver,
sooner or later I would always go back to Awful, uh, Newport, Rhode
Island. Why, Newport? Well, farm had division, officer, department,
ex CEO school is there. And the war colleges there. So you could
do a lot of tours in Newport, so makes sense to buy it. You know, um,
it can be done if you want. I want watch your personal finances on
that one. Although right now I'm sitting here making this, You know,
there's a 30 year low in the mortgage rates, so that's phenomenal.
Is that gonna last? You never know. So what if you can? Yeah, advisor.
I would advise doing it because you have a house to sell off late.
You could always sell it. But you also have a house to live in